docs/reference/terraform/cos-lite.md, before:

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5 |
| <a name="requirement_juju"></a> [juju](#requirement\_juju) | >= 0.20.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_juju"></a> [juju](#provider\_juju) | >= 0.20.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alertmanager"></a> [alertmanager](#module\_alertmanager) | git::https://github.com/canonical/alertmanager-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_catalogue"></a> [catalogue](#module\_catalogue) | git::https://github.com/canonical/catalogue-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_grafana"></a> [grafana](#module\_grafana) | git::https://github.com/canonical/grafana-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_loki"></a> [loki](#module\_loki) | git::https://github.com/canonical/loki-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_prometheus"></a> [prometheus](#module\_prometheus) | git::https://github.com/canonical/prometheus-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_ssc"></a> [ssc](#module\_ssc) | git::https://github.com/canonical/self-signed-certificates-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_traefik"></a> [traefik](#module\_traefik) | git::https://github.com/canonical/traefik-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alertmanager"></a> [alertmanager](#input\_alertmanager) | Application configuration for Alertmanager. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "alertmanager")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_catalogue"></a> [catalogue](#input\_catalogue) | Application configuration for Catalogue. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "catalogue")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_channel"></a> [channel](#input\_channel) | Channel that the applications are (unless overwritten by external\_channels) deployed from | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_external_certificates_offer_url"></a> [external\_certificates\_offer\_url](#input\_external\_certificates\_offer\_url) | A Juju offer URL (e.g. admin/external-ca.certificates) of a CA providing the 'tls\_certificates' integration for Traefik to supply it with server certificates. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana"></a> [grafana](#input\_grafana) | Application configuration for Grafana. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "grafana")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_internal_tls"></a> [internal\_tls](#input\_internal\_tls) | Specify whether to use TLS or not for internal COS communication. By default, TLS is enabled using self-signed-certificates | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_loki"></a> [loki](#input\_loki) | Application configuration for Loki. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "loki")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_model"></a> [model](#input\_model) | Reference to an existing model resource or data source for the model to deploy to | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prometheus"></a> [prometheus](#input\_prometheus) | Application configuration for Prometheus. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "prometheus")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_ssc"></a> [ssc](#input\_ssc) | Application configuration for self-signed-certificates. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "ca")<br/>    channel            = optional(string, "1/stable")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_traefik"></a> [traefik](#input\_traefik) | Application configuration for Traefik. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "traefik")<br/>    channel            = optional(string, "latest/stable")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_components"></a> [components](#output\_components) | All Terraform charm modules which make up this product module |
| <a name="output_offers"></a> [offers](#output\_offers) | All Juju offers which are exposed by this product module |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

Move leftovers into same ref pages

docs/reference/terraform/cos-lite.md, after:

# Terraform module for COS solution

This is a Terraform module facilitating the deployment of COS solution, using the [Terraform juju provider](https://github.com/juju/terraform-provider-juju/). For more information, refer to the provider [documentation](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs).

## Usage

### Basic usage

Users should ensure that Terraform is aware of the `juju_model` dependency of the charm module.

To deploy this module with its needed dependency, you can run `terraform apply -var="model=<MODEL_NAME>" -auto-approve`. This would deploy all COS HA solution modules in the same model.


<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## Requirements

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="requirement_terraform"></a> [terraform](#requirement\_terraform) | >= 1.5 |
| <a name="requirement_juju"></a> [juju](#requirement\_juju) | >= 0.20.0 |

## Providers

| Name | Version |
|------|---------|
| <a name="provider_juju"></a> [juju](#provider\_juju) | >= 0.20.0 |

## Modules

| Name | Source | Version |
|------|--------|---------|
| <a name="module_alertmanager"></a> [alertmanager](#module\_alertmanager) | git::https://github.com/canonical/alertmanager-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_catalogue"></a> [catalogue](#module\_catalogue) | git::https://github.com/canonical/catalogue-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_grafana"></a> [grafana](#module\_grafana) | git::https://github.com/canonical/grafana-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_loki"></a> [loki](#module\_loki) | git::https://github.com/canonical/loki-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_prometheus"></a> [prometheus](#module\_prometheus) | git::https://github.com/canonical/prometheus-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_ssc"></a> [ssc](#module\_ssc) | git::https://github.com/canonical/self-signed-certificates-operator//terraform | n/a |
| <a name="module_traefik"></a> [traefik](#module\_traefik) | git::https://github.com/canonical/traefik-k8s-operator//terraform | n/a |

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|------|---------|:--------:|
| <a name="input_alertmanager"></a> [alertmanager](#input\_alertmanager) | Application configuration for Alertmanager. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "alertmanager")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_catalogue"></a> [catalogue](#input\_catalogue) | Application configuration for Catalogue. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "catalogue")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_channel"></a> [channel](#input\_channel) | Channel that the applications are (unless overwritten by external\_channels) deployed from | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_external_certificates_offer_url"></a> [external\_certificates\_offer\_url](#input\_external\_certificates\_offer\_url) | A Juju offer URL (e.g. admin/external-ca.certificates) of a CA providing the 'tls\_certificates' integration for Traefik to supply it with server certificates. | `string` | `null` | no |
| <a name="input_grafana"></a> [grafana](#input\_grafana) | Application configuration for Grafana. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "grafana")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_internal_tls"></a> [internal\_tls](#input\_internal\_tls) | Specify whether to use TLS or not for internal COS communication. By default, TLS is enabled using self-signed-certificates | `bool` | `true` | no |
| <a name="input_loki"></a> [loki](#input\_loki) | Application configuration for Loki. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "loki")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_model"></a> [model](#input\_model) | Reference to an existing model resource or data source for the model to deploy to | `string` | n/a | yes |
| <a name="input_prometheus"></a> [prometheus](#input\_prometheus) | Application configuration for Prometheus. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "prometheus")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_ssc"></a> [ssc](#input\_ssc) | Application configuration for self-signed-certificates. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "ca")<br/>    channel            = optional(string, "1/stable")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |
| <a name="input_traefik"></a> [traefik](#input\_traefik) | Application configuration for Traefik. For more details: https://registry.terraform.io/providers/juju/juju/latest/docs/resources/application | <pre>object({<br/>    app_name           = optional(string, "traefik")<br/>    channel            = optional(string, "latest/stable")<br/>    config             = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    constraints        = optional(string, "arch=amd64")<br/>    revision           = optional(number, null)<br/>    storage_directives = optional(map(string), {})<br/>    units              = optional(number, 1)<br/>  })</pre> | `{}` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| <a name="output_components"></a> [components](#output\_components) | All Terraform charm modules which make up this product module |
| <a name="output_offers"></a> [offers](#output\_offers) | All Juju offers which are exposed by this product module |
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
