docs/explanation/charmed-rules.md, before:

# Charmed alert rules

## What are alert rules?

Prometheus and Loki would post alerts to Alertmanager when alert expressions are
evaluated as "true". Alert expressions are stored in YAML files called "alert rules".

- Metrics-based alert rule expressions are written in PromQL, and are evaluated by prometheus.
- Log-based alert rule expressions are written in LogQL, and are evaluated by Loki.

As of writing, there is no official centralized store for alert rules. Often, operators
refer to the [Awesome Prometheus Rules](https://samber.github.io/awesome-prometheus-alerts/) 
project as a starting point.

## What are charmed alert rules

A charmed operator is meant to encapsulate programmatically the knowledge needed to
operate a workload, and alert rules make an important part of that knowledge.

Charmed operators may include "built-in" alert rules (aka "charmed alert rules").
By default, rule files are located at `./src/prometheus_alert_rules` and `./src/loki_alert_rules`
relative to the charm's root folder.

When the built-in alert rules are picked up by the charmed operator, they are transformed
and forwarded to Prometheus or Loki charms over relation data.

The main advantage of charmed rules is that operation knowledge is centralized, and is 
readily available with the charmed operator. The main disadvantage of charmed rules is 
that alert thresholds are opinionated and not configurable. This means that authors of 
charmed rules must pay special attention to wide applicability. Charmed rules can be 
[disabled](/how-to/disable-charmed-rules).

## Automatic modifications made to charmed alert rules

- All alert expressions are automatically injected with [juju topology](/explanation/juju-topology) matchers.
- Juju topology alert labels are automatically added to all alerts.

Commit message:

feat(docs): Test PR - will not be merged

docs/explanation/charmed-rules.md, after:

# Charmed alert rules

TEST PR - testing the RTD preview build runner - this will not be merged.

## What are alert rules?

Prometheus and Loki would post alerts to Alertmanager when alert expressions are
evaluated as "true". Alert expressions are stored in YAML files called "alert rules".

- Metrics-based alert rule expressions are written in PromQL, and are evaluated by prometheus.
- Log-based alert rule expressions are written in LogQL, and are evaluated by Loki.

As of writing, there is no official centralized store for alert rules. Often, operators
refer to the [Awesome Prometheus Rules](https://samber.github.io/awesome-prometheus-alerts/) 
project as a starting point.

## What are charmed alert rules

A charmed operator is meant to encapsulate programmatically the knowledge needed to
operate a workload, and alert rules make an important part of that knowledge.

Charmed operators may include "built-in" alert rules (aka "charmed alert rules").
By default, rule files are located at `./src/prometheus_alert_rules` and `./src/loki_alert_rules`
relative to the charm's root folder.

When the built-in alert rules are picked up by the charmed operator, they are transformed
and forwarded to Prometheus or Loki charms over relation data.

The main advantage of charmed rules is that operation knowledge is centralized, and is 
readily available with the charmed operator. The main disadvantage of charmed rules is 
that alert thresholds are opinionated and not configurable. This means that authors of 
charmed rules must pay special attention to wide applicability. Charmed rules can be 
[disabled](/how-to/disable-charmed-rules).

## Automatic modifications made to charmed alert rules

- All alert expressions are automatically injected with [juju topology](/explanation/juju-topology) matchers.
- Juju topology alert labels are automatically added to all alerts.
